Talk about beauty optics together.
talking and milk with the second video of
Our series and I just want to say sorry
because of the audio problems they
a recording i did not render set that
it seemed it was really high but
now will regulate this and we is not
more problem
taking as then who I think I will
do not serve broadcast
depending on whether the mission is large or not.
do the beauty functions so it's fine
until now yes but they are coming to dwarf
The beating is ticking.
It's warm there, the car stays there.
We are spending come
I came here and I did not
containing the story very well but if not
I'm wrong, he left this guy.
the cloud that the cloud is not
cloud is loss
Let me tell you, this cloud speed guy
he
it was he was in diversity is
very far
It has nothing to do if I do not know
I know that andres he even dates with
that crazy girl who was the dj's
very well come
I came here and there and nothing from him.
I do not know if this is how it is that I'm
Speaking but now I know that none
work for several people as if
one of life and if you see it is a
pimp the shovel of rubber and whore
coming here I did very little the
saints game
because I think it's legal to make a
series together with you so
And by the way, I think it's going to have to be lonely.
a mission or two does not connect to the
our time to magnet
just so you know final people in this
it's not 43 and I do not even like it much anymore
the end of the year want to buy a new pc
and I want to play a lot bc that's good
cool I play more on front consoles
I want to stay
another little thing there that I bossed around
It's so cute, I'm going to hit it.
truck driver is one of the first to
help beijing
looks just only look at the face on the old screen
poor area
a flaw that I like
now and we'll see if there because it is humble
I do not know, let's not take the mission.
But I want to bring another one.
video I'll try still doing the same day
I'll like it and if I'll try
follow the rhythm of a video of up to
day but the game place that the pc is andré
the other owner of the most video channel
cool here and you liked the video
only then if he is a favorite that helps a lot
in the disclosure and also comments that you
is finding access there and if you are not
that has signed up if mans
although you want to do it because the sea that
in the old cosme looks at the color look
to continue